# SpaceWire Loopback Example

This example shows how configure the SpaceWire peripheral to send and receive multiple packets. It uses multiple receive buffer to exercise in an optimize way the 3 states \(NEXT, CURRENT, PREVIOUS\) for packet reception.

**Building The Application**

The parent folder for all the MPLABX IDE projects for this application is given below:

-   *Application Path* : apps\\spw\\spw\_loopback\\firmware


To build the application, refer to the table below and open the appropriate project file in MPLABX IDE.

|Project Name|Description|
|------------|-----------|
|sam\_rh71\_ek.X|SAM RH71 Evaluation Kit board|

**MPLAB Harmony Configurations**

Refer to the MHC project graph for the components used and the respective configuration options.

**Hardware Setup**

1.  Project sam\_rh71\_ek.X

    -   Hardware Used

        -   SAM RH71 Evaluation Kit

        -   SpaceWire cable

    -   Hardware Setup

        -   Connect the debugger probe to J33

        -   Connect the USB port on the board to the computer using a mini USB cable.

        -   Connect the two SpaceWire link on the board to each other using a SpaceWire cable.


**Running The Application**

1.  Open the Terminal application \(Ex.:Tera term\) on the computer.

2.  Connect to the Virtual COM port and configure the serial settings as follows:

    -   Baud : 115200

    -   Data : 8 Bits

    -   Parity : None

    -   Stop : 1 Bit

    -   Flow Control : None

3.  Build and Program the application using the MPLABX IDE.

4.  See the following message in the console.

    ```console
    -----------------------------------------------------------
    
    SPW loopback example
    
    -----------------------------------------------------------
    
    Wait for both SWP link switch to run state
    SPW Link in Run state
    TX time=2270924 us, for 25000000 bytes
    Effective rate=88 Mb/s
    Average RX process time = 76 us
    Rx sequence errors = 3695
    End of transfer
    ```


**Parent topic:**[Harmony 3 TCP/IP Application for SAM RH71 Family](GUID-0FE369B7-375D-42F0-8D67-D9C7A969446F.md)

